## On trusting and obeying God
If there's anything God has been trying to teach me in this season, it's trust --- trusting Him enough to surrender fully to His will, trusting that He has my best interest at heart, trusting that He wouldn't do anything to my disadvantage.

As Christians, we easily make statements and confessions about how we love God and trust Him. But if we carefully inspect our lives and critically examine our actions, it becomes clear that we don't really trust Him. Many Christians are the pilots of their lives, they only remember God when the journey is no longer smooth. We trust in our capabilities, our strengths, our understanding, until we're faced with challanges that are beyond us. That's why most people continuall face challanges, because God wants us to always come to Him.

His love for us is shown in His interest in every single details of our lives. I remember when I was seeing a girl, I was interested in everything she did, what she ate, who she saw, what song she was listening to, what made her happy, what made her sad, how her day went, I wanted to know everything. I was in love 😂😂. It pleased me when she'd run into my DM whenever something happens to her, good or bad. I felt like she trusted me so much and I would go extra mile to find a solution to every problem she brought to me. Trust me, that's exactly how it is with God. He's interested in every single thing, even the seemingly unimportant thing. If he pays so much attention to the birds and to flowers, how much more you, whom he created in Him image and likeness. God wants you to tell Him how your day went, talk to him about the person that made you happy, talk to him about the lecturer that annoyed you, the course you're struggling with, the boy you have a crush on who's doing anyhow 😂😂. He wants to know everything.

To trust God, we need to understand that God knows what's best for us. We cannot surrender our lives fully to God if we don't trust Him. It isn't possible. I'd say that's the most difficult part of being a Christian. We're human and we'd always do things to survive, we do things to give ourselves pleasure. When we want something we go for it, when it seems like too much stress, we avoid it. We avoid difficult situations, difficult conversations, etc, because it's so much easier to do. So, it's difficult to obey God when He asks for things that are painful and distressing. Even Jesus, after being faced with the reality of dying on the cross, didn't want to do it. It took serious prayers for him to surrender his (fleshly) will and allow God do what He would do. So, if you're currently in that phase, it's normal. Being a Christian isn't a bed of roses.

For a few months now, I've been struggling to fully obey a particular instruction. I've taken action but I'm still trying to negotiate with God, trying to convince Him and, maybe have Him change His mind. (LOL). I know I'm not the perfect Christian (yet), but many of us struggle with this too. God may say stay in Nigeria, but all you want to do is leave the country (it's all you've ever dreamed of). And so you find yourself explaining to God how important it is for you to relocate, you even tell Him that you'd have the opportunity to win more souls, all in a bid to have him change His mind. Or maybe God is asking you to end a relationship with someone you love, who you've already envisioned a future with, you've decided on how many kids you're going to have and all. You've made your own plans and it seems perfect. Only for God to say no, that's not my plan for you. 

To be honest, it's the most difficult thing, letting go of yourself, your plans and letting God have His way in our lives. And that's why I'm writing this letter to you my friend, to remind you that we're clay in the hands of the potter. God molds our lives how He deems fit. This letter is to also remind you that God has your best interest at heart [(Jeremiah 29:11)](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Jeremiah%2029%3A11&version=NIV). 

If you find yourself struggling to obey God's instructions or you find yourself trying to convince Him on why you think your idea is the best, you should pray this prayer:

> Dear God, I know you have great plans for me, greater than I can even imagine. Please open my eyes to see how you're moving in this season. Open my heart to receive your instructions and fully obey them. Help me to align to your will and not mine. Help me to place you above everything: my will, my plans, my ego, pleasure, comfort and satisfaction. Help me to understand that this instruction is for my good. I surrender myself to you dear God. Give me strength to obey you. Help me to trust you. 

I hope you prayed that prayer. Anytime you feel discouraged, doubtful and you feel like doing things your own way, you can pray the prayer again.

I leave you with this scripture
>“And we know [with great confidence] that God [who is deeply concerned about us] causes all things to work together [as a plan] for good for those who love God, to those who are called according to His plan and purpose.” (Romans 8:28 - AMP)

Have a beautiful week❤️